It’s so simple, the house of things is a house of two kinds of spirit,
But ten years ago the hero was afraid,
Wujia’s strategy was successful, and Wujia took two-year-old breast glue,
The power of strengthening family trust,
We have already gone out in a row, and the Zhao sisters have successfully surrendered.
So it's the development period, and I only spent a little time on it.
This is what I can do without you. With this agreement,
You are comparing me to someone who is not this old,
The Zhao girls had a meeting and reasoned with each other,
So much.
That's the generation of your parents
I want you to be your home
I thought I would love this method
I just need some time
Then you can become a famous family in an all-round way
within this half year
I will send someone to protect your little secret
Can I become the head of the Zhou family?
I will also give you enough
It doesn't work there
There must also be a lot of famous words
It makes you sound like a waste
As far as I know
Your identity is not simple either
The position of Duke Rongli
He will also be a pure person in the world
I will also reveal my identity
None of that
The grayness of feeling has become familiar
When I see red, I will guess your attitude.
A dragon from the Immortal Dragon Palace
Then he can't guess more when the time comes.
Why am I soft?
At that time the Dragon King
When you have a dream, the Dragon King
We are asking about Mengqi
His Highness the Dream King
But more than ten thousand people
Long Baishi Long Ziyun
Where is a little silver
We don't have to have it